CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to Breaker Labs Projects

We love your input! We want to make contributing to our projects as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We Develop with Github

We use github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## Any contributions you make will be under the same proprietary license

When you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [proprietary license](LICENSE.md) that covers the project.

## Report bugs using Github's issues

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by **_opening a new issue_**; it's that easy!

## Use a Consistent Coding Style

- Please adhere to the coding style guidelines provided in the `README.md` of the respective project repository.

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its proprietary license.

## References

This document was adapted from the open source contribution guidelines.

<!-- THIS NEEDS UPDATING. This text is outdated and has the wrong text. -->

Commit message:

removed duplicate license, deleted SUPPORT.md, updated README & SECURITY & CONTRIBUTING & CODE OF CONDUCT

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to Totem Studios' projects

We love your input! We want to make contributing to our projects as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We develop with GitHub

We use GitHub to host code, track issues and feature requests, and accept pull requests.

## Any contributions you make will be under the same open source license

When you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [open source license](LICENSE.md) that covers the project.

## Report bugs using GitHub issues

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by **_opening a new issue_**; it's that easy! If you are unsure how to use the issue tracker, feel free to email us:

- **Pontus Henriksson**: [pontus@henriksson.space](mailto:pontus@henriksson.space)
- **Lucas Norman**: [lucas.norman007@gmail.com](mailto:lucas.norman007@gmail.com)
- **Neo Mannskar**: [neo.mannskar@gmail.com](mailto:neo.mannskar@gmail.com)

> [!IMPORTANT]
> For reporting critical security vulnerabilities, please contact us immediately via email:
>
> - **Pontus Henriksson**: [pontus@henriksson.space](mailto:pontus@henriksson.space)
> - **Lucas Norman**: [lucas.norman007@gmail.com](mailto:lucas.norman007@gmail.com)
> - **Neo Mannskar**: [neo.mannskar@gmail.com](mailto:neo.mannskar@gmail.com)
>
> Do not disclose the vulnerability publicly until we have had the chance to address it. For more details, please read our [security policy](SECURITY.md).

## Use a consistent coding style

- Please adhere to the coding style guidelines provided in the `README.md` of the respective project repository.

## License

By contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under the project's open source license.

## References

This document was adapted from the open source contribution guidelines.
